Update README.md (#130859)
rust-lang/rust: README.md

## Why Rust?

> - **Performance:** Fast and memory-efficient, suitable for critical services and embedded devices, and easily integrated with other languages.

Reviewer: It might be worth just copying the [website](https://www.rust-lang.org/) text, the updates here don't make this sound right to me. 

```suggestion
- **Performance:** Rust is blazingly fast and memory-efficient: with no runtime or garbage collector, it can power performance-critical services, run on embedded devices, and easily integrate with other languages. 
```

Author: Good idea, thanks :)

> - **Performance:** Fast and memory-efficient, suitable for critical services, and embedded devices, and easily integrated with other languages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Performance:** Fast and memory-efficient, suitable for critical services and embedded devices, and easily integrated with other languages.
```

## Installing from Source

> If you really want to install from source (though this is not recommended), see

Reviewer 3: this is intended, as installing from source is not encouraged and not what the average user is supposed to do
